TINY-8527: Dark skin fixes (#7663)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- The Home or End keys would move out of a editable element contained within a noneditable element #TINY-8201
- Dialogs could not be opened in inline mode before the editor had been rendered #TINY-8397
- Clicking on menu items could cause an unexpected console warning if the `onAction` function caused the menu to close #TINY-8513

> - Fixed various color bugs for the dark skins #TINY-8527

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed various color and contrast issues for the dark skins #TINY-8527
```
